To create our project, we based our initial code on the template webpage we had already created from the “finance” problem on pset8. For instance, the log in and log out functions are very similar to what we had implemented earlier because they serve the same exact purpose on our website. We also implemented a navigation bar to provide easy access to the various functions our website offers by linking to separate pages and having all the pages be accessible to each other through these links.

The design of the homepage centers on the rotating slideshow of images designed to orient the user to the various possibilities of travel. The “welcome” text over the images emphasize this fact and was designed to constantly overlay the images. As stated before, the navigation menu extends from the layout page so that the users have access to all the functions no matter which page they are on. This was implemented using links to the other pages.

To create the register function, we required that a user input a username, implemented as a text field whose name is username. We then render an apology if the user’s input is blank or the username already exists. The function requires that a user input a password, implemented as a text field whose name is password, and then that same password again, implemented as a text field whose name is confirmation. We also render an apology if either input is blank or the passwords do not match. The register function then submits the user’s input via POST to /register. We INSERT the new user into users, storing a hash of the user’s password, not the password itself. We hashed the user’s password with generate_password_hash using a new template.

The design of the search book function is based on the dropdown menu. Users will use the dropdown menu to select a country’s name. Based upon the selection, the option will be used to search through the Googlebooks API to find relevant books about the selected country. After pressing search books, then the resulting page shows the top five most relevant books after searching through the API. This is displayed using an HTML table that summarizes the book’s title and its author.

The design of the search movies is also based on the dropdown menu function. Users will use the dropdown menu to select a country’s name. Based upon the selection, the option will be used to search through MovieAPI to find relevant documentaries about the selected country. After pressing search movies, then the resulting page shows the top five most relevant documentaries after searching through the API. This is displayed using an HTML table that summarizes the documentary’s title and its release date.

The design of the search movies is based on the dropdown menu. Users will use the dropdown menu to select a country’s name. Based upon the selection, the option will be used to search through the LastFM API to find popular songs in the selected country. After pressing search songs, then the resulting page shows the top five most popular songs (of last week) in that country after searching through the API. This is displayed using an HTML table that summarizes the top tracks and the related artist. The song titles also include a link to a lastfm webpage about the song where users can also listen to it as well.

The design of the library is that it displays an HTML table summarizing all of a user’s searches ever, listing each result row by row and all grouped under the relevant search to minimize confusion.
